README.md, before:

# react-native-admob [![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/react-native-admob.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-native-admob) [![npm (next)](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/react-native-admob/next.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-native-admob)

### ⚠️ Please note, the master branch tracks development of version 2 of this library, which is currently in beta. For version 1 please check out the [1.x branch](https://github.com/sbugert/react-native-admob/tree/1.x).

A react-native module for Google AdMob Banners, Interstitials, and Rewarded Videos, and also DFP Banners.

The banner types are implemented as components while the interstitial and rewarded video have an imperative API.

## Installation

You can use npm or Yarn to install the latest beta version:

**npm:**

    npm i --save react-native-admob@next

**Yarn:**

    yarn add react-native-admob@next

In order to use this library, you have to link it to your project first. There's excellent documentation on how to do this in the [React Native Docs](https://facebook.github.io/react-native/docs/linking-libraries-ios.html#content).

### iOS

For iOS you will have to add the [Google Mobile Ads SDK](https://developers.google.com/admob/ios/quick-start#import_the_mobile_ads_sdk) to your Xcode project.

### Android

On Android the AdMob library code is part of Play Services, which is automatically added when this library is linked.

## Usage

```jsx
import {
  AdMobBanner,
  AdMobInterstitial,
  PublisherBanner,
  AdMobRewarded,
} from 'react-native-admob'

// Display a banner
<AdMobBanner
  adSize="fullBanner"
  adUnitID="your-admob-unit-id"
  testDevices={[AdMobBanner.simulatorId]}
  onAdFailedToLoad={error => console.error(error)}
/>

// Display a DFP Publisher banner
<PublisherBanner
  adSize="fullBanner"
  adUnitID="your-admob-unit-id"
  testDevices={[PublisherBanner.simulatorId]}
  onAdFailedToLoad={error => console.error(error)}
  onAppEvent={event => console.log(event.name, event.info)}
/>

// Display an interstitial
AdMobInterstitial.setAdUnitID('your-admob-unit-id');
AdMobInterstitial.setTestDevices([AdMobInterstitial.simulatorId]);
AdMobInterstitial.requestAd().then(() => AdMobInterstitial.showAd());

// Display a rewarded ad
AdMobRewarded.setAdUnitID('your-admob-unit-id');
AdMobRewarded.requestAd().then(() => AdMobRewarded.showAd());
```

For a full example reference to the [example project](Example).

## Reference

### AdMobBanner

#### Properties

##### `adSize`

*Corresponding to [iOS framework banner size constants](https://developers.google.com/admob/ios/banner)*

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Value</th>
      <th>Description</th>
      <th>Availability</th>
      <th>Size (WxH)</th>
    </t>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td><code>banner</code></td>
      <td>Standard Banner</td>
      <td>Phones and Tablets</td>
      <td>320x50</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>largeBanner</code></td>
      <td>Large Banner</td>
      <td>Phones and Tablets</td>
      <td>320x100</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>mediumRectangle</code></td>
      <td>IAB Medium Rectangle</td>
      <td>Phones and Tablets</td>
      <td>300x250</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>fullBanner</code></td>
      <td>IAB Full-Size Banner</td>
      <td>Tablets</td>
      <td>468x60</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>leaderboard</code></td>
      <td>IAB Leaderboard</td>
      <td>Tablets</td>
      <td>728x90</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>
        <code>smartBannerPortrait</code><br/>
        <code>smartBannerLandscape</code>
      </td>
      <td>Smart Banner</td>
      <td>Phones and Tablets</td>
      <td>Screen width x 32|50|90</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

*Note: There is no `smartBannerPortrait` and `smartBannerLandscape` on Android. Both prop values will map to `smartBanner`*

##### `onAdLoaded`

Accepts a function. Called when an ad is received.

##### `onAdFailedToLoad`

Accepts a function. Called when an ad request failed.

##### `onAdOpened`

Accepts a function. Called when an ad opens an overlay that covers the screen.

##### `onAdClosed`

Accepts a function. Called when the user is about to return to the application after clicking on an ad.

##### `onAdLeftApplication`

Accepts a function. Called when a user click will open another app (such as the App Store), backgrounding the current app.

##### `onSizeChange`

Accepts a function. Called when the size of the banner changes. The function is called with an object containing the width and the height.


*Above names correspond to the [Ad lifecycle event callbacks](https://developers.google.com/admob/android/banner#ad_events)*

### PublisherBanner

#### Properties

Same as `AdMobBanner`, with the addition of 2 extra properties:

##### `onAppEvent`

Accepts a function. Called when DFP sends an event back to the app.

These events may occur at any time during the ad's lifecycle, even before `onAdLoaded` is called. The function is called with an object, containing the name of the event and an info property, containing additional information.

More info here: https://developers.google.com/mobile-ads-sdk/docs/dfp/ios/banner#app_events

##### `validAdSizes`

An array of ad sizes which may be eligible to be served.

### AdMobInterstitial

In comparison to the `AdMobBanner` and `PublisherBanner` which have a declaritive API, the `AdMobInterstitial` has an imperative API.

#### Methods

##### `setAdUnitID(adUnitID)`

Sets the AdUnit ID for all future ad requests.

##### `setTestDevices(devices)`

Sets the devices which are served test ads.

*For simulators/emulators you can use `AdMobInterstitial.simulatorId` for the test device ID.*

##### `requestAd()`

Requests an interstitial and returns a promise, which resolves on load and rejects on error.

##### `showAd()`

Shows an interstitial and returns a promise, which resolves when an ad is going to be shown, rejects when the ad is not ready to be shown.

##### `isReady(callback)`

Calls callback with a boolean value whether the interstitial is ready to be shown.


#### Events

Unfortunately, events are not consistent across iOS and Android. To have one unified API, new event names are introduced for pairs that are roughly equivalent.

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>This library</th>
      <th>iOS</th>
      <th>Android</th>
    </t>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td><code>adLoaded</code></td>
      <td><code>interstitialDidReceiveAd</code></td>
      <td><code>onAdLoaded</code></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>adFailedToLoad</code></td>
      <td><code>interstitial:didFailToReceiveAdWithError</code></td>
      <td><code>onAdFailedToLoad</code></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>adOpened</code></td>
      <td><code>interstitialWillPresentScreen</code></td>
      <td><code>onAdOpened</code></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>adFailedToOpen</code></td>
      <td><code>interstitialDidFailToPresentScreen</code></td>
      <td><em>Not supported</em></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>adClosed</code></td>
      <td><code>interstitialWillDismissScreen</code></td>
      <td><code>onAdClosed</code></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>adLeftApplication</code></td>
      <td><code>interstitialWillLeaveApplication</code></td>
      <td><code>onAdLeftApplication</code></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

### AdMobRewarded

In comparison to the `AdMobBanner` and `PublisherBanner` which have a declaritive API, the `AdMobRewarded` has an imperative API, just like the `AdMobInterstitial`.

#### Methods

##### `setAdUnitID(adUnitID)`

Sets the AdUnit ID for all future ad requests.

##### `setTestDevices(devices)`

Sets the devices which are served test ads.

*For simulators/emulators you can use `AdMobRewarded.simulatorId` for the test device ID.*

##### `requestAd()`

Requests a rewarded ad and returns a promise, which resolves on load and rejects on error.

##### `showAd()`

Shows a rewarded ad and returns a promise, which resolves when an ad is going to be shown, rejects when the ad is not ready to be shown.

##### `isReady(callback)`

Calls callback with a boolean value whether the rewarded ad is ready to be shown.

#### Events

Unfortunately, events are not consistent across iOS and Android. To have one unified API, new event names are introduced for pairs that are roughly equivalent.

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>This library</th>
      <th>iOS</th>
      <th>Android</th>
    </t>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td><code>adLoaded</code></td>
      <td><code>rewardBasedVideoAdDidReceiveAd</code></td>
      <td><code>onRewardedVideoAdLoaded</code></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>adFailedToLoad</code></td>
      <td><code>rewardBasedVideoAd:didFailToLoadWithError</code></td>
      <td><code>onRewardedVideoAdFailedToLoad</code></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>rewarded</code></td>
      <td><code>rewardBasedVideoAd:didRewardUserWithReward</code></td>
      <td><code>onRewarded</code></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>adOpened</code></td>
      <td><code>rewardBasedVideoAdDidOpen</code></td>
      <td><code>onRewardedVideoAdOpened</code></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>videoStarted</code></td>
      <td><code>rewardBasedVideoAdDidStartPlaying</code></td>
      <td><code>onRewardedVideoStarted</code></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>videoCompleted</code></td>
      <td><code>rewardBasedVideoAdDidCompletePlaying</code></td>
      <td><code>rewardedVideoAdVideoCompleted</code></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>adClosed</code></td>
      <td><code>rewardBasedVideoAdDidClose</code></td>
      <td><code>onRewardedVideoAdClosed</code></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>adLeftApplication</code></td>
      <td><code>rewardBasedVideoAdWillLeaveApplication</code></td>
      <td><code>onRewardedVideoAdLeftApplication</code></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

---

## TODO

- [ ] Support [Ad Targeting](https://developers.google.com/admob/ios/targeting) (RFC: [#166](https://github.com/sbugert/react-native-admob/pull/166))

Commit message:

Update README to reflect not-main-fork

README.md, after:

# react-native-admob

### ⚠️ Please note, this master branch tracks a collection of pull requests while the main fork is lacking active maintainers. See [#399](https://github.com/sbugert/react-native-admob/issues/399) for more information.

A react-native module for Google AdMob Banners, Interstitials, and Rewarded Videos, and also DFP Banners.

The banner types are implemented as components while the interstitial and rewarded video have an imperative API.

## Installation

You can use npm or Yarn to install the latest beta version:

**npm:**

    npm i --save mdekrey/react-native-admob#<commit-hash-here>

**Yarn:**

    yarn add mdekrey/react-native-admob#<commit-hash-here>

You can get the commit-hash from the "Latest commit" section the master branch.

> Note that this is NOT published to the npm repository, as this is a fork of the original project. See [#399](https://github.com/sbugert/react-native-admob/issues/399) for more information.

In order to use this library, you have to link it to your project first. There's excellent documentation on how to do this in the [React Native Docs](https://facebook.github.io/react-native/docs/linking-libraries-ios.html#content).

### iOS

For iOS you will have to add the [Google Mobile Ads SDK](https://developers.google.com/admob/ios/quick-start#import_the_mobile_ads_sdk) to your Xcode project.

### Android

On Android the AdMob library code is part of Play Services, which is automatically added when this library is linked.

## Usage

```jsx
import {
  AdMobBanner,
  AdMobInterstitial,
  PublisherBanner,
  AdMobRewarded,
} from 'react-native-admob'

// Display a banner
<AdMobBanner
  adSize="fullBanner"
  adUnitID="your-admob-unit-id"
  testDevices={[AdMobBanner.simulatorId]}
  onAdFailedToLoad={error => console.error(error)}
/>

// Display a DFP Publisher banner
<PublisherBanner
  adSize="fullBanner"
  adUnitID="your-admob-unit-id"
  testDevices={[PublisherBanner.simulatorId]}
  onAdFailedToLoad={error => console.error(error)}
  onAppEvent={event => console.log(event.name, event.info)}
/>

// Display an interstitial
AdMobInterstitial.setAdUnitID('your-admob-unit-id');
AdMobInterstitial.setTestDevices([AdMobInterstitial.simulatorId]);
AdMobInterstitial.requestAd().then(() => AdMobInterstitial.showAd());

// Display a rewarded ad
AdMobRewarded.setAdUnitID('your-admob-unit-id');
AdMobRewarded.requestAd().then(() => AdMobRewarded.showAd());
```

For a full example reference to the [example project](Example).

## Reference

### AdMobBanner

#### Properties

##### `adSize`

*Corresponding to [iOS framework banner size constants](https://developers.google.com/admob/ios/banner)*

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Value</th>
      <th>Description</th>
      <th>Availability</th>
      <th>Size (WxH)</th>
    </t>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td><code>banner</code></td>
      <td>Standard Banner</td>
      <td>Phones and Tablets</td>
      <td>320x50</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>largeBanner</code></td>
      <td>Large Banner</td>
      <td>Phones and Tablets</td>
      <td>320x100</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>mediumRectangle</code></td>
      <td>IAB Medium Rectangle</td>
      <td>Phones and Tablets</td>
      <td>300x250</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>fullBanner</code></td>
      <td>IAB Full-Size Banner</td>
      <td>Tablets</td>
      <td>468x60</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>leaderboard</code></td>
      <td>IAB Leaderboard</td>
      <td>Tablets</td>
      <td>728x90</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>
        <code>smartBannerPortrait</code><br/>
        <code>smartBannerLandscape</code>
      </td>
      <td>Smart Banner</td>
      <td>Phones and Tablets</td>
      <td>Screen width x 32|50|90</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

*Note: There is no `smartBannerPortrait` and `smartBannerLandscape` on Android. Both prop values will map to `smartBanner`*

##### `onAdLoaded`

Accepts a function. Called when an ad is received.

##### `onAdFailedToLoad`

Accepts a function. Called when an ad request failed.

##### `onAdOpened`

Accepts a function. Called when an ad opens an overlay that covers the screen.

##### `onAdClosed`

Accepts a function. Called when the user is about to return to the application after clicking on an ad.

##### `onAdLeftApplication`

Accepts a function. Called when a user click will open another app (such as the App Store), backgrounding the current app.

##### `onSizeChange`

Accepts a function. Called when the size of the banner changes. The function is called with an object containing the width and the height.


*Above names correspond to the [Ad lifecycle event callbacks](https://developers.google.com/admob/android/banner#ad_events)*

### PublisherBanner

#### Properties

Same as `AdMobBanner`, with the addition of 2 extra properties:

##### `onAppEvent`

Accepts a function. Called when DFP sends an event back to the app.

These events may occur at any time during the ad's lifecycle, even before `onAdLoaded` is called. The function is called with an object, containing the name of the event and an info property, containing additional information.

More info here: https://developers.google.com/mobile-ads-sdk/docs/dfp/ios/banner#app_events

##### `validAdSizes`

An array of ad sizes which may be eligible to be served.

### AdMobInterstitial

In comparison to the `AdMobBanner` and `PublisherBanner` which have a declaritive API, the `AdMobInterstitial` has an imperative API.

#### Methods

##### `setAdUnitID(adUnitID)`

Sets the AdUnit ID for all future ad requests.

##### `setTestDevices(devices)`

Sets the devices which are served test ads.

*For simulators/emulators you can use `AdMobInterstitial.simulatorId` for the test device ID.*

##### `requestAd()`

Requests an interstitial and returns a promise, which resolves on load and rejects on error.

##### `showAd()`

Shows an interstitial and returns a promise, which resolves when an ad is going to be shown, rejects when the ad is not ready to be shown.

##### `isReady(callback)`

Calls callback with a boolean value whether the interstitial is ready to be shown.


#### Events

Unfortunately, events are not consistent across iOS and Android. To have one unified API, new event names are introduced for pairs that are roughly equivalent.

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>This library</th>
      <th>iOS</th>
      <th>Android</th>
    </t>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td><code>adLoaded</code></td>
      <td><code>interstitialDidReceiveAd</code></td>
      <td><code>onAdLoaded</code></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>adFailedToLoad</code></td>
      <td><code>interstitial:didFailToReceiveAdWithError</code></td>
      <td><code>onAdFailedToLoad</code></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>adOpened</code></td>
      <td><code>interstitialWillPresentScreen</code></td>
      <td><code>onAdOpened</code></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>adFailedToOpen</code></td>
      <td><code>interstitialDidFailToPresentScreen</code></td>
      <td><em>Not supported</em></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>adClosed</code></td>
      <td><code>interstitialWillDismissScreen</code></td>
      <td><code>onAdClosed</code></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>adLeftApplication</code></td>
      <td><code>interstitialWillLeaveApplication</code></td>
      <td><code>onAdLeftApplication</code></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

### AdMobRewarded

In comparison to the `AdMobBanner` and `PublisherBanner` which have a declaritive API, the `AdMobRewarded` has an imperative API, just like the `AdMobInterstitial`.

#### Methods

##### `setAdUnitID(adUnitID)`

Sets the AdUnit ID for all future ad requests.

##### `setTestDevices(devices)`

Sets the devices which are served test ads.

*For simulators/emulators you can use `AdMobRewarded.simulatorId` for the test device ID.*

##### `requestAd()`

Requests a rewarded ad and returns a promise, which resolves on load and rejects on error.

##### `showAd()`

Shows a rewarded ad and returns a promise, which resolves when an ad is going to be shown, rejects when the ad is not ready to be shown.

##### `isReady(callback)`

Calls callback with a boolean value whether the rewarded ad is ready to be shown.

#### Events

Unfortunately, events are not consistent across iOS and Android. To have one unified API, new event names are introduced for pairs that are roughly equivalent.

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>This library</th>
      <th>iOS</th>
      <th>Android</th>
    </t>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td><code>adLoaded</code></td>
      <td><code>rewardBasedVideoAdDidReceiveAd</code></td>
      <td><code>onRewardedVideoAdLoaded</code></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>adFailedToLoad</code></td>
      <td><code>rewardBasedVideoAd:didFailToLoadWithError</code></td>
      <td><code>onRewardedVideoAdFailedToLoad</code></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>rewarded</code></td>
      <td><code>rewardBasedVideoAd:didRewardUserWithReward</code></td>
      <td><code>onRewarded</code></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>adOpened</code></td>
      <td><code>rewardBasedVideoAdDidOpen</code></td>
      <td><code>onRewardedVideoAdOpened</code></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>videoStarted</code></td>
      <td><code>rewardBasedVideoAdDidStartPlaying</code></td>
      <td><code>onRewardedVideoStarted</code></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>videoCompleted</code></td>
      <td><code>rewardBasedVideoAdDidCompletePlaying</code></td>
      <td><code>rewardedVideoAdVideoCompleted</code></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>adClosed</code></td>
      <td><code>rewardBasedVideoAdDidClose</code></td>
      <td><code>onRewardedVideoAdClosed</code></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>adLeftApplication</code></td>
      <td><code>rewardBasedVideoAdWillLeaveApplication</code></td>
      <td><code>onRewardedVideoAdLeftApplication</code></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

---

## TODO

- [ ] Support [Ad Targeting](https://developers.google.com/admob/ios/targeting) (RFC: [#166](https://github.com/sbugert/react-native-admob/pull/166))
